README.md, before:

# Tic Tac Toe

## Overview
This is a simple terminal/command prompt game of tic tac toe.

My very first project in Python!

## Codebase
- python 3.7.4

## Instruction
- This project must be run with Python 3.6 or above

- Check your python version

        $ python --version

        $ python3 --version

- Execute main.py with python3
        
        $ python3 main.py

## Feature
- Input validation / exception handling
    - Implemented exception handling feature for all user inputs with try, except, else block
    
        For example,

        ```python
        def take_user_input() -> int:
            '''
            prompt for user input \n
            return integer
            '''
            while True:
                user_input = input('Please select a spot: ')
                try:
                    int(user_input)
                except:
                    print(f'\tinvalid input: {user_input}\n')
                    continue
                else:
                    if int(user_input) >= 1 and int(user_input) <= 9:
                        return int(user_input)
                    else:
                        print(f'\tinvalid input: {user_input}\n')
        ```

- type hints
    - Utilized 'function annotations' for arguments and return value

        For example,

        ```python
        def check_winner(b: list, marker: str) -> bool:
        ```

Commit message:

update README with code samples and a numbered game board

README.md, after:

# Tic Tac Toe

## Overview
This is a simple terminal/command prompt game of tic tac toe.

My very first project in Python!

## Codebase
- python 3.7.4

## Instruction
- This project must be run with Python 3.6 or above

- Check your python version

        $ python --version

        $ python3 --version

- Execute main.py with python3
        
        $ python3 main.py

- Game board
    - The slots are numbered as below. Just as in a computer keyboard's number pad.

    ```python
         7 | 8 | 9 
        ---|---|---
         4 | 5 | 6 
        ---|---|---
         1 | 2 | 3 
    ```

## Feature
- Input validation / exception handling
    - Implemented exception handling feature for all user inputs with try, except, else block
    
        For example,

        ```python
        def take_user_input() -> int:
            '''
            prompt for user input \n
            return integer
            '''
            while True:
                user_input = input('Please select a spot: ')
                try:
                    int(user_input)
                except:
                    print(f'\tinvalid input: {user_input}\n')
                    continue
                else:
                    if int(user_input) >= 1 and int(user_input) <= 9:
                        return int(user_input)
                    else:
                        print(f'\tinvalid input: {user_input}\n')
        ```

- type hints
    - Utilized 'function annotations' for arguments and return value

        For example, below function takes in board as a list and a marker as a string then returns a boolean value

        ```python
        def check_winner(b: list, marker: str) -> bool:
        ```
